{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1344\cocoasubrtf720
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Notes about the presentations:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}If you want to edit the presentation file, please install StetchRockwell-Bold.ttf on your computer\
{\listtext	\'95	}The Eduhub-presentation (former project name for Crowducate) went through few iterations and was awarded. Originally, it was a 
\b five minute
\b0  pitch. I modified and shortened the original deck a little bit. As it tells a story with animations, a -pdf Version doesn\'92t make any sense. \
{\listtext	\'95	}The story: A person googles a Rhetoric class (Viral Marketing would be another example) to hone his sales skills. The crowd (with two main admins) have a created a rhetoric course. Some parts are not clear (the red question mark symbolises this). He sends a 
\b change request
\b0 . The admins see it (the red exclamation marks) and accept the learner\'92s change request as they consider it as an improvement (the green \'93done\'94-symbol) . \
{\listtext	\'95	}The next green \'93done\'94-symbol symbolises that the learner is happy that his change request was accepted and now feels that the  learning material is more consistent and better explained, respectively. \
{\listtext	\'95	}A year later, the former learner 
\b forks 
\b0 the course and uses the course as a base for a 
\b new
\b0  course which is more specialised (e.g. rhetoric 101 for high tech startups). \
}